index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Asheville Coders League
---

The Asheville Coders League is a group of coders who meet regularly on Wednesday nights at [Pizza Pura](http://pizzapura.com) in the River Arts District on [Depot St](http://www.openstreetmap.org/?mlat=35.58166&mlon=-82.56436#map=19/35.58166/-82.56436&layers=N).

We also strive to have one technical meetup a month.  Previous
technical meetups include:

* sharing different implementations of [Tic Tac Toe](/tictactoe.html)
* [Ruby to Clojure](http://tcrawley.org/presentations/avl-rb-clojure-intro/) (HTML)
* [intro to Vert.x](http://tcrawley.org/presentations/vertx-acl/vertx.html) (Slide Show)
* [intro to Scala](/assets/slideshows/AshevilleCodersScalaTalk.pdf) (PDF)

We are a polyglot group, so if it's a programming language someone is
probably using it.

If you are interested in hanging out with us, feel free to join the
[Google](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/asheville-coders) and
[Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Asheville-Coders-League/) groups, and come out and join us.

Commit message:

updated meeting location from Pizza Pura to Asheville Brewing

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Asheville Coders League
---

The Asheville Coders League is a group of coders who meet regularly on Wednesday nights at [Asheville Brewing and Pizza](http://www.ashevillebrewing.com/) on [Coxe Ave](http://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=19/35.59172/-82.55578).

We also strive to have one technical meetup a month, so please check our [Meetup page](http://www.meetup.com/Asheville-Coders-League/) to see where we will be on a given Wednesday.  

Previous technical meetups include:

* sharing different implementations of [Tic Tac Toe](/tictactoe.html)
* [Ruby to Clojure](http://tcrawley.org/presentations/avl-rb-clojure-intro/) (HTML)
* [intro to Vert.x](http://tcrawley.org/presentations/vertx-acl/vertx.html) (Slide Show)
* [intro to Scala](/assets/slideshows/AshevilleCodersScalaTalk.pdf) (PDF)

We are a polyglot group, so if it's a programming language someone is
probably using it.

If you are interested in hanging out with us, feel free to join the
[Google](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/asheville-coders) and
[Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Asheville-Coders-League/) groups, and come out and join us.
